Add custom hook (#142)
pupilfirst/wd301-scripts: react-hooks/custom-hooks/build-custom-hook/README.md

# Text

In this lesson we will learn how to create a custom hook, which can be used to save data to `localStorage`.

## Script

In this lesson, we will learn how to create our own custom hook. We will use a custom hook to store values to `localStorage`.

> Let's create a folder named `hooks` then a file named `useLocalStorage.ts` in it.

Reviewer: Let's create a folder named `hooks` inside your `src` folder under the `smarter-tasks` project that you created in the last level. Create a file named `useLocalStorage.ts` inside the `hooks` subfolder.

> Let's create a folder named `hooks` then a file named `useLocalStorage.ts` in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create a folder named `hooks` inside your `src` folder under the `smarter-tasks` project that you created in the last level. Create a file named `useLocalStorage.ts` inside the `hooks` subfolder.
```
